now more than ever to be a teacher
requires patience kindness and
understanding
fortunately Astoria Elementary has just
hired such an individual Arnold
Schwarzenegger is Kindergarten Cop
kindergarten is like the ocean you don't
want to turn your back on it don't worry
everything is under control he's an
undercover detective I assume you have
some teaching experience they wouldn't
have sent me otherwise assigned to find
a mother and son did Danny ever say what
crisps wife looked like before a killer
does first I would like to just get to
know you the mail kindergarten teacher
that's unusual he's been trained to
shoot what made you become a
kindergarten teacher he's been trained
to fight but there are some things you
may need other people's lunches stop
Mitch
he's never been trained to handle
they're walking all over me listen
Kimball
you gotta handle this like any other
police situation you're going to be my
deputy trainees you're not gonna have
your mommies on behind you anymore my
pillow douches you're mine now
I'm now please man I'm princess Arnold
Schwarzenegger oh you hit the kid I hit
you oh wow in an Ivan Reitman film no
I'm not welcome to story a single-parent
capital of America you got a little
mustache let's be from the milk
kindergarten cop